chore(na): update hosting requirements and considerations per feedback (#1440)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/_index.md

Some important questions to consider when setting up hosting for the CHT: 
* **Alerting** - How will alerts be sent in the case of downtime or degraded service?  While [Watchdog]({{< relref "hosting/monitoring/introduction" >}}) can be set up to monitor CHT Core instances - which monitoring system will be used to alert on OS level warnings?
* **Power failures and unplanned restarts** - Will the server cleanly restart such that the CHT resumes service correctly?

> * **Backups** - What happens to the CHT data if there's a hard drive failure? Are there provisions for a [3-2-1 backup strategy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backup#Storage)?

Author: good thinking! fixed in d57c6553

* **Disaster Recovery** - What happens if there is a flood at the facility and on-site active and backup data are destroyed?
* **Scale** - What happens when the hardware deployed needs to be upgraded to increase capacity?

> * **Updates** - By definition TLS certificates expire and software needs to be updated - how will the deployment get these updates on a regular basis? CHT Core updates happen many times through out the year - do you have a maintenance schedule for these and staff who are trained to do the upgrade?

Reviewer: For me, TLS renewals are separate from Updates. What about this?

```suggestion
* **Updates** - CHT Core updates happen many times throughout the year - do you have a maintenance schedule for these and staff who are trained to do the upgrade?
* **Renewals** - Services such as TLS certificates and domains name registration expire periodically and will make the server inaccessible - do you have a schedule for monitoring and renewing these in a timely manner?
```
